OSDOCS-10892: Allocating load balancers to specific subnets (#93173)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/configuring_ingress_cluster_traffic/allocating-load-balancers.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="allocating-load-balancers"]
= Allocating Load Balancers to Specific Subnets
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: allocating-load-balancers

toc::[]

> You can manage application traffic efficiently by allocating load balancers. Network administrations can allocate load balancers to customize deployments to ensures optimal traffic distribution, high availability of applications, uninterupted service, and network segmentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can manage application traffic efficiently by allocating load balancers. Network administrators can allocate load balancers to customize deployments which can ensure optimal traffic distribution, high availability of applications, uninterrupted service, and network segmentation.
```
